README.md, before:

The GC3 Beamer/LaTeX theme
==========================

This directory hosts the GC3 style files for use with the LaTeX
[beamer][1] document class.  The GC3 theme is based on the Beamer
theme [uzhneu][2] by Juergen Spitzmueller and the
[Corporate Design section of the University of Zurich][3], released on
October 2010.


Distributed files
-----------------

The following files are included in this directory:

* `beamerthemegc3.sty`: The beamer theme file.
* `gc3.sty`: A LaTeX package with additional commands and customizations frequently used in GC3 presentations.
* `example.tex`: A sample presentation file.

### Logos

The GC3 theme files includes the [University of Zurich][uzh] logos on the
title slide (unless the `informal` style option is given, see "Usage"
below).

The logo files are not included in this repository for copyright
reasons; if you work at the [UZH][uzh], you are able to
[download them from the UZH Corporate Design website][logos].

The files containing the logos _must_ be named `uzh_logo_d_pos.pdf` or
`uzh_logo_e_pos.pdf`: the `e` one is the English/International
version, the `d` one is the German-language logo.  If you compile your
slides to a Postscript file instead of PDF, then you should use the
`.eps` files of the logos, instead of the `.pdf` ones.


Usage
-----

To use the GC3 beamer theme, copy the `beamerthemegc3.sty`, the
`gc3.sty` and the `uzh_logo_*_pos.pdf` files into the directory where
your LaTeX/beamer source is.

Include this command in your `.tex` file:

        \usetheme{gc3}

The GC3 theme looks better with serif and math serif fonts; to
activate those you need to pass options `serif` and `mathserif` to the
"beamer" document class:

        \documentclass[serif,mathserif]{beamer}

The `example.tex` file provides a sample presentation in the English
language with the "serif" font style.


### Options

By default, the GC3 theme prints the University logo and heading on
the title slide.  If you want to suppress this behavior and make the
title slide use the same look as the other ones, use the `informal`
option:

        \usetheme[informal]{gc3}

The GC3 theme detects the language in use and uses the German version
of the UZH logo if Beamer has been passed the `german` option.  You
can force the use of the German logo by passing option `german` (or
`deutsch`):

        \usetheme[german]{gc3}

Conversely, you can force usage of the English/International version
of the logo with the `english` option:

        \usetheme[english]{gc3}



Copyright and License
---------------------

The original `uzhneu` theme is Copyright 2010 Juergen Spitzmueller <spitzmueller@ds.uzh.ch>.

Modifications are Copyright 2012 Riccardo Murri <riccardo.murri@uzh.ch>.

The GC3 theme style files can be redistributed and/or modified under
the terms of the GNU Public License, version 3 or -at your option- any
later version.


<!-- References: -->
[1]: https://bitbucket.org/rivanvx/beamer/wiki/Home
[2]: https://idcmslive01.uzh.ch/cd/live/vorlagenboerse/downloads.html#15
[3]: http://www.cd.uzh.ch/index.html

[uzh]: http://www.uzh.ch/
[logos]: http://www.cd.uzh.ch/downloads/logos.html

<!--  LocalWords:  english usetheme
 -->

Commit message:

Link to example slides file.

README.md, after:

The GC3 Beamer/LaTeX theme
==========================

This directory hosts the GC3 style files for use with the LaTeX
[beamer][1] document class.  You can see an example in the
[example.pdf](https://github.com/gc3-uzh-ch/beamer-theme-gc3/blob/master/example.pdf?raw=true)
file.

The GC3 theme is based on the Beamer theme [uzhneu][2] by Juergen
Spitzmueller and the [Corporate Design section of the University of Zurich][3],
released on October 2010.


Distributed files
-----------------

The following files are included in this directory:

* `beamerthemegc3.sty`: The beamer theme file.
* `gc3.sty`: A LaTeX package with additional commands and customizations frequently used in GC3 presentations.
* `example.tex`: A sample presentation file.

### Logos

The GC3 theme files includes the [University of Zurich][uzh] logos on the
title slide (unless the `informal` style option is given, see "Usage"
below).

The logo files are not included in this repository for copyright
reasons; if you work at the [UZH][uzh], you are able to
[download them from the UZH Corporate Design website][logos].

The files containing the logos _must_ be named `uzh_logo_d_pos.pdf` or
`uzh_logo_e_pos.pdf`: the `e` one is the English/International
version, the `d` one is the German-language logo.  If you compile your
slides to a Postscript file instead of PDF, then you should use the
`.eps` files of the logos, instead of the `.pdf` ones.


Usage
-----

To use the GC3 beamer theme, copy the `beamerthemegc3.sty`, the
`gc3.sty` and the `uzh_logo_*_pos.pdf` files into the directory where
your LaTeX/beamer source is.

Include this command in your `.tex` file:

        \usetheme{gc3}

The GC3 theme looks better with serif and math serif fonts; to
activate those you need to pass options `serif` and `mathserif` to the
"beamer" document class:

        \documentclass[serif,mathserif]{beamer}

The `example.tex` file provides a sample presentation in the English
language with the "serif" font style.


### Options

By default, the GC3 theme prints the University logo and heading on
the title slide.  If you want to suppress this behavior and make the
title slide use the same look as the other ones, use the `informal`
option:

        \usetheme[informal]{gc3}

The GC3 theme detects the language in use and uses the German version
of the UZH logo if Beamer has been passed the `german` option.  You
can force the use of the German logo by passing option `german` (or
`deutsch`):

        \usetheme[german]{gc3}

Conversely, you can force usage of the English/International version
of the logo with the `english` option:

        \usetheme[english]{gc3}



Copyright and License
---------------------

The original [`uzhneu` theme][2] is Copyright 2010 Juergen Spitzmueller <spitzmueller@ds.uzh.ch>.

Modifications are Copyright 2012 Riccardo Murri <riccardo.murri@uzh.ch>.

The GC3 theme style files can be redistributed and/or modified under
the terms of the GNU Public License, version 3 or -at your option- any
later version.


<!-- References: -->
[1]: https://bitbucket.org/rivanvx/beamer/wiki/Home
[2]: https://idcmslive01.uzh.ch/cd/live/vorlagenboerse/downloads.html#15
[3]: http://www.cd.uzh.ch/index.html

[uzh]: http://www.uzh.ch/
[logos]: http://www.cd.uzh.ch/downloads/logos.html

<!--  LocalWords:  english usetheme
 -->
